= cucumber-scout

Cucumber steps for verifying Scout[http://scoutapp.com] metrics

== Usage

Install the gem:

    gem install cucumber-scout

In your <tt>features/support/env.rb</tt>:

    require 'cucumber/scout/steps'

You can now write crazy features like this:

    Feature: Response Time
      As a impatient user
      Our app should be super fast

      Background:
        Given my Scout account name is 'railsmachine'
        And my Scout email and password are 'jesse@railsmachine.com' and 'sekret'

      Scenario: Passenger Queue
        When I get the metrics from the 'Passenger' plugin on 'example.com' 
        Then the 'passenger_queue_depth' should be 0

      Scenario: New Users are continuously being created
        When I get the metrics from the 'Business Metrics' plugin on 'example.com' 
        Then 'new_users' should be greater than 0

      Scenatiro: CPU usage is low
        When I get the metrics from the 'Server Overview' plugin on 'example.com'
        Then 'cpu_last_minute' should be less than 1

== Retrieving descriptors names from Scout

    https://scoutapp.com/ACCOUNT_NAME/descriptors.xml?host=HOSTNAME

== Available Operators

* be greater than
* be less than
* equal OR be
* not equal OR not be

== Running Cucumber Features

Drop your account info into config/scout.yml, then run 'em like so:

    cucumber features

The server you configure should have the Server Overview and Passenger Plugins
installed. I'll add fakeweb later, but for now, that's how it works.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add cucumber features for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a
  commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jesse Newland. See LICENSE for details.